[MUSIC PLAYING]
The primary tool of the
astrologer is the horoscope.
Now when I use the
word horoscope,
I'm not referring to the daily
horoscope columns of which
I've been writing one
every day for the past 13
years of my life.
I'm referring to the tool
that astrologers use sometimes
referred to as the chart.
We talk about our
charts and the chart
is a map, an accurate and
graphical representation
of where the sun, moon, Mercury,
Venus, Mars, Jupiter, Saturn,
Uranus, Neptune, Pluto,
where all these planets are
and other points all
mapped against the horizon
from the day, and time, and
place that we were born.
The word horoscope is actually
of the same derivation
as the word telescope
or microscope.
"Scope" comes from a Greek
word, skopos, to view
or to have a perspective of.
It's to see.
The word "horo" means hour.
The word horoscope is
the view of an hour.
Just like a telescope
is the view of something
far away, tele-far, or
micros, tiny-- a microscope
is the view of something
tiny-- a horoscope
is a piece of technology that
allows us to see the hour.
It's an hour marker.
Interestingly enough, in
ancient Greek astrology
your horoscope was considered
to be the last visible planet
or sign on the eastern horizon
at the time that you were born.
In other words, they didn't
have the sophisticated computer
technology and rendering
technologies that we have,
so to them the horoscope
was the hour marker.
It was your rising
sign or the sign that
was on the eastern horizon.
Nevertheless, we astrologers
take a mixture of each
of the planets with
respect to the horizon
and we put this all together
to get a sense of how
the whole picture hums and
it's the individual hum that
makes us individual.
Even though there are only
12 signs in the Zodiac,
there are as many
individual horoscopes
as there are individual
people on the planet.